You woman is so brave
You know
How much loss will Bai Yanglang lose if he goes out of business for a year?
Uncle, why did you hit me again?
Uncle, if I don't know your father
I'll be you little brat now
Miss Li, I will tell my subordinates now
Immediately closed for a year
Is there anything else to order now?
I'll do it right away
Hey
Uncle, can't you leave me alone?
Uncle
Brother Wolf comes forward
It's all done
I'm having a big feast tonight
Let's have a good drink and two plates, uncle
I'm calling just to tell you
From today on, your Zhao family is hateful
The white wolf will cut in two
Dude, what does that mean?
Did our Zhao family offend you?
Stop talking nonsense, Lao Tzu glasses are here
Do it yourself
Hello
What exactly happened?
Could it be that the other party is a character that Nanshan Wolf can't afford to offend?
After going to the Black Tiger Club in the north, Jiangbei Shanhu came forward
No matter what happens
Bring the eldest young master here first